com/android/chatver4/db/dbdata/Data.java
 com.android.chatver4.db.dbdata.Data
com/android/chatver4/chat/viewholder/ellipsed/MyEllipsedChatViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.viewholder.ellipsed.MyEllipsedChatViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/chat/viewholder/noellipsed/YourChatViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.viewholder.noellipsed.YourChatViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.android.chatver4.activity.MainActivity
com/android/chatver4/parentadapter/ParentAdapter.java
 com.android.chatver4.parentadapter.ParentAdapter
com/android/chatver4/chat/adapter/ChatAdapter.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.adapter.ChatAdapter
com/android/chatver4/db/change/DbChanges.java
 com.android.chatver4.db.change.DbChanges
 com.android.chatver4.db.change.DbChanges$DbChangesType
com/android/chatver4/db/dbdata/SampleData.java
 com.android.chatver4.db.dbdata.SampleData
com/android/chatver4/activity/LoginActivity.java
 com.android.chatver4.activity.LoginActivity
com/android/chatver4/chat/viewholder/ellipsed/EllipsedChatViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.viewholder.ellipsed.EllipsedChatViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/chat/viewholder/ellipsed/YourEllipsedChatViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.viewholder.ellipsed.YourEllipsedChatViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/chatgroup/viewholder/ChatGroupViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chatgroup.viewholder.ChatGroupViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/event/listener/OnMyChatSentEventListener.java
 com.android.chatver4.event.listener.OnMyChatSentEventListener
com/android/chatver4/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.chatver4.BuildConfig
com/android/chatver4/chatgroup/data/ChatGroupForView.java
 com.android.chatver4.chatgroup.data.ChatGroupForView
com/android/chatver4/chatgroup/data/ChatGroup.java
 com.android.chatver4.chatgroup.data.ChatGroup
com/android/chatver4/chat/viewholder/noellipsed/MyChatViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.viewholder.noellipsed.MyChatViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/user/User.java
 com.android.chatver4.user.User
com/android/chatver4/parentholder/ParentViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.parentholder.ParentViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/chat/viewholder/ChatViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.viewholder.ChatViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/activity/ChatGroupActivity.java
 com.android.chatver4.activity.ChatGroupActivity
 com.android.chatver4.activity.ChatGroupActivity$1
com/android/chatver4/event/MyChatSentEvent.java
 com.android.chatver4.event.MyChatSentEvent
com/android/chatver4/activity/ChatActivity.java
 com.android.chatver4.activity.ChatActivity
 com.android.chatver4.activity.ChatActivity$1
com/android/chatver4/chat/data/Chat.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.data.Chat
com/android/chatver4/chat/viewholder/noellipsed/NoEllipsedChatViewHolder.java
 com.android.chatver4.chat.viewholder.noellipsed.NoEllipsedChatViewHolder
com/android/chatver4/chatgroup/adapter/ChatGroupAdapter.java
 com.android.chatver4.chatgroup.adapter.ChatGroupAdapter
com/android/chatver4/db/Db.java
 com.android.chatver4.db.Db
 com.android.chatver4.db.Db$1
com/android/chatver4/utilities/Utilities.java
 com.android.chatver4.utilities.Utilities
com/android/chatver4/db/variousdb/ChatDb.java
 com.android.chatver4.db.variousdb.ChatDb
 com.android.chatver4.db.variousdb.ChatDb$1
